Thank you for joining everybody. Uh, we will begin all of you. Thank you for your name. Please give us one minute, so... time to join us. Yeah, Mommy.. Bye bye! Shh. Shh. Hey. Shh. Bubba. No. Huh? Well, come on, welcome. I trust, please, he was running off me, so everybody can join us, and... Thank you. Well, last minute. All right, I think we can, we can begin. Welcome. Welcome to all the participants to the democracy, Pakistan. Thank you all for bearing with us. We will still accept some people that are joining us at next moment, but I first want to let you know, oh, that this session will be recorded. And it will be, it, in some of your teams cannot attend, you will have access later to the recording. It's important for all of you to review this information. Each meeting, especially, is very pregnant, to all of the participants that have registered in this first challenge, and we will have today a lot of things to talk about, those strengths, I will have to go through some housekeeping news. As you can already tell, you cannot template your videos or audios, which is okay. I will ask you, in the meantime, to start, uh... riding down in the best case. Keep them in on the side, but then they say time, if you see them, for the 1st time, if you put, if you pick. And my colleague will be able to answer you, okay, on the top, what do you think it is a very good idea that we would like to discuss with you. We might give you the microphone. So, I'll just keep that in mind. First, let me go through some important notices. As you know, for most of your logistics has been big. Yes, the logistic is always the tough part of any event, especially when you have to apply AT people from all over Europe and beyond. So thank you for bearing with us, please, help us to help you as much as we possibly can, for most of you have been over on board, that is great news. So we'd like to first thank you and to welcome you already to stress. Um, one thing that is very okay for a lot of you, you've been asking, um, uh, that dates from Strasburg, uh, bus, uh, to from Austin airport to Strasburg, but, uh, we would like to let you know that, of course, we're going to take care of that, uh, bit of new, from, um, the airport to Strasbourg. That concern that we've got is that, um, you might have some delays, and then you could lose the connection. So, what we're asking, and many of you have our works, that you can take that, you know, right? And then just submit, uh, with me, your invoices, and then we will, um, embrace you about, uh, a little bit. Um, other than that, we are working very, very strongly to bringing you the best possible event. So expect a lot of surprises, and get ready to participate in these amazing actors. Now, this is the first session, and we will have, as well, a few more. But in this case, I would like to introduce you to that privacy, preserving eight beach detection challenge. Tomorrow, we will have another session about the poly motive behavior and education. Then, on Friday, at 4 p.m., we will have some reporting response, addressing online aid and agenda based violence. And, finally, on Monday, at 4 p.m., we will have three out of the boat. Now, consider that all of these sessions, I want, of course, for the present beams that registered to these challenges, but we will also have other topics involved, as well as logistics, and many other things. Finally, just to close, regarding the itinerary, and we will share, as well, in your hotels with all of you. But first, we need to close with our flights and trains. It's very difficult. So, definitely not. That's it. I would like to give the word to my colleague, Louise, and she went, she was from the Council of New York. Thank you very much. Uh, yes, thank you very much. Hugo. So, yeah, welcome, everybody, and we are really happy to have you all here and congratulations on your selection for this hack atom. So I'm gonna give you a little bit of background on the Council of Europe in general, where are we doing this? uh, what is the cycaton, uh, and what is the new democratic pact for Europe? So, essentially, the Council of Europe is an international organization that fights to uphold human rights, the rule of law, and democracy. And we are composed of 46 members. So we are a separate institution from the European Union. And basically, we have launched this project called the New Democratic Act for Europe as a response to democratic backsliding that has been happening in the past years. Uh, the, this information, the intunity, uh, extremism and different type of uh, events that have been undermining uh, democracy. No, as a response to all of these, uh, the council has launched the new democratic pact. Uh, so it was launched in 2023 at the Ray Kavik Summit. And what is it concretely? So it's a collective and inclusive process to reinforce democracy. We like to improve trust in institutions, we have to create tools that will help democratic education and democratic security. Um, so it has been endorsed by all 46 member states of the council, and it aims also to bring together governments, civil society, academia, the private sector, and citizens, uh, also you, uh, to um, basically fight for uh, this purpose of um, strengthening democracy. So you see on the right side in the timeline, where we are at right now as part of the pact. So, uh, the democracy hackaton is a big uh, event in the context in the context of this fact, uh, because it feeds directly to our consultation process. Um, so our consultation process, um, aims at gathering contributions from all the stakeholders of society that I mentioned just before. And the tools that you will work on in the context of this high caton will feed into this consultation. And the aim is to have this finalized by May 2027 and to adopt these tools and outputs as part of big recommendation packages in the member states of the council. So, now we're organizing this Hakaton on the topic of hate speech because hate speech is one of the biggest underminers of democracy in the public space. Uh, it affects uh, affects trust, uh, and free speech. Um, so, we are organizing this hiketon in parallel to the Norhead Street, which my colleague will tell you a little bit more about. Um, but as background also to, um, the hiketon, um, we also would like you to keep in mind the council of Europe standards on the topic, topics of, uh, hate speech, AI, uh, democratic security, et cetera. We will eitherwise send you this information also in written form so that you have all these backgrounds. But there are several standards from the council that address these topics. For example, the European Court of Human Rights, Article 10 about freedom of expression. So this is the baseline that the NCH 2 must protect and not undermine. We also have the Buddha test convention, uh, which is a cybercrat pretty, so it criminalizes uh, race systems, phobic speech online. We have the recommendation on combating trade speech from 2022. And we also have the framework convention on artificial intelligence, so this was the 1st legally binding treaty on AI implemented in 2024. And in addition to that, um, the goal is also for your work to be centered around the 4 uh, uh, foundations on the right. So, they should be right space tools that fight hate speech, uh, without changing free expression. There should be practical and deployable outputs, not just reports or concept. They should be included by design, so protecting different underrepresented groups. And it should be transparent AI. So explainable, auditable, and governable. And uh, so as we all know, the high caton is uh, built around 4 challenges, um, and there will be more than 20 teams uh, competing in these challenges. There will be a price for the winning teams. We will have one winning team per challenge, and then these winning teams will compete in the grand final for the main title. which will be selected by the grand jury. So, now, um, I will give the floor to my colleague, um, Tefan, who will drive you a little bit more about the, no hate speech week, uh, that is happening in parallel. Thank you. Perfect. Thanks. Thanks a lot, guys, from the, for the, this introduction also of the Council of Europe and our work. Now, you see that you are, well, you see also from the program that the democracy Hakaton is also taking part in parallel with another event. So there is a lot of overlap. We don't know his Beach Peak. So I'm here to say a couple of words about what the snow hits each week will be about. But before that, I would like to ask you in the chat, just to write down your 1st ideas that come to mind. Who is responsible to fight against hate speech? I know that you are coming to Strasbourg to help us fight against hate speech, to have any other ideas of others that are responsible. So we can put your ideas in the chat, we will, uh, just to get a bit of ideas, like, what all kinds of heat vision that you see online, offline. Who is responsible to fight against it? No ideas, so nobody's responsible. That could also be, hmm? There you go, right now. Yeah, child? You can write it down in the chat. The chat button is on your knockdown on your right side. And how they cannot actually write. Yeah, I feel like they don't have access to the drugs. Okay, okay, okay. In the meantime, meantime, you can continue. I'll update this, okay? Okay, perfect. Well, let's see, there are some, some of the actions also on this. Uh, well, there was this question about what, how do we deal with hate speeches of phenomena, even in the 90s, uh, it was brought out from the different reporting mechanisms that council of Europe does. This is basically when we check the compliance to of our member states when it comes to human rights. Very often in the, well, also over the period of the 2000s, there was a lot of discussion about freedom of speech, the article 10 that Elise mentioned, that's also part of human rights in general. So we will have our freedom of speech, but there has to be also a specific line or limit that we put so that we also enjoy another ride, and that's our right of nondiscrimination. So not to be discriminated. That's Article 14 of the European Convention of Human Rights. And another right that we have, which is the right of private life as well. Which is article 8. So this is based on these debates of how to strike the balance, and also there was a lot of case law coming in at the European Court of Human Rights. The Council of Europe has developed some of the standards where we actually concluded everybody has to fight against hate speech so that we all safeguard, dignity, and humanity online. We also protect our human rights online. So in the framework of that work, um, the Council of Europe has issued under a recommendation in 2022, which now already makes it 4 years ago. The recommendation on combating hate speech, where basically it says, what needs to be done on the level of member states? So what should the police do, for example? What should courts do? What should be done by media authorities? So the ones that are regulating, like the internet or different services that are provided online, what should be done by non-governmental organizations? What should be done by young people, youth groups, what should be done by education? And of course, there is a lot of different practices, so people are trying to find the best way, how to counter hate speech. Um, and, um, 3 years ago, we've actually come up with this idea that, um, we should have a moment where we all meet, and this is the no hate speech week, uh, which is an event, uh, which gathers representatives from NGOs, from different youth groups, but also governments, ministries of interior, so you will also see police officers around. You also see people working in justice, in who are judges. There will be also people engaged with us that are working in media. There will be also some social media companies with us. And this space actually serves for us to discuss together about the best ways how some of the issues that we get on to experience on as online case speech could be resolved. I have two invitations for you. One is that once you check the program online, ideally if you receive the website, Hug, with 2026.com, with all the overview of the program. I can also maybe quickly just share it on the screen so you can see it. And ideally, this program online should also help you to navigate through the week. Everything in blue on the program are Hakaton related sessions, but I would like to invite you, my first invitation is to invite you, when you have time, if you have time, I know that you will be very busy. You might want to check out this orange sessions that says, Council of Europe and CSO, Civil Society organizations, let's sessions. So once you click, you can select a session there. And if there is anything that interests you in particular, for example, combating hate speech targeting, LGBTI people, or working on countering racism, for example, online, or if you are looking at how to monitor it's been using AI, you might want to go to some of these sessions to see who is doing what, but also to hear some of the examples of what already exists or what already is being tested upon. So this is the first invitation. The second invitation is, I will see in the program, there are these spaces where we say reception, or networking fair, at the very end of the day. This is also a place where all these promising practices or different practices will be shown. So I would like to invite you also to use that space and check who is doing what. Maybe you will find people also from your own country or others that are doing working on a similar idea. So this might give you some ideas on what you could work on. But as well to network with them for the future. Um, I will be around also of my colleagues, so if you have any questions related to the no hits each week, while you're hacking or while you're having your coffee, uh, feel free to approach us and we will give you some more information about the week as well. So, uh, thanks a lot. And I passed the floor back to Google. Yeah, I don't think you were in lunch. Um, Stepan, now it's time for Steven to introduce to you to this track challenge. Uh, the floor is yours, then, please, uh, in line us with the challenge number one. All righty. Thank you very much. Let me get this going. Okay. Hopefully we can all see this, right? I'm gonna assume, yes. Okay. Well, hello, everyone. Uh... Awesome. Thanks for the thumbs up. Um, yeah, so, as we were introduced, my name is Steven. Uh, coming from you from Unich, Germany. Uh, and yeah, happy to introduce you to the Prim HSD challenge, or the privacy preserving hate speech detection challenge. Um, yeah, so before we get into it, I just want to 1st say, uh, for those participating perangulations, I think we can all attest, uh, there was some stiff competition. It was really a pleasure to breathe through all your proposals, and the fact that you're here, and if you're participating in the challenge, it means, you know, you did good. So, uh, thank you for those for those, and hopefully, uh, you find an interesting challenge. Okay. Uh, quick introduction or outline what we're talking about today. We'll go through all of this. So no need to read through it all now. But basically, we'll start some motivation. You already heard. Some from the COE side, but also I'll give you more from the academic or technical side of things. We'll go into your mission for the 3 days of the hecton, and we'll show you a quick demonstration, case study. Not quickly, I know this isn't the super most interesting thing, but just quickly, who I am. So I'm coming from the Technical University of Munich. Uh, you can see, uh, my background is computer science. I will be finishing my dissertation of PhD very soon. If you see the title, it's pretty tough. It's about different privacy and natural language processing. And really just over the past few years, I dived into anything privacy, especially in ALP, and now AI, the technical, legal, and societal aspects of it. So that's my interest here. Okay. So, and by the way, if someone interrupt me if you have questions along the way, or maybe we'll cover them at the end, but just, you know, keep note of them. Hopefully you've had some. Okay, so why are we talking about print HSD or privacy and hate speech detection? So I like doing slides like this. So, I probably don't need to tell anyone to call it here, but, you know, AI becoming huge, and particularly both in popular media, and also, as you can see, there's some pretty academic looking papers here. It's becoming popular or kind of interesting to a lot of people, like what the privacy implications are in there. What does it mean for this kind of influx of AI and everyone using it, essentially? Um, more specifically, and I apologize, this is a lot of papers, but hopefully it's interesting to you. This is just a small, small subset of researchers from around the world at very interesting and top institutions. Looking at how we can address privacy, specifically natural language processing, which is a bedrock for much of the AI you see nowadays. And again, there's much more going on. I just want to kind of give you an introduction that it's becoming a hot topic, and I guess it aligns very well with this sort of focus on privacy as a human, right? Okay. And now I will, uh, preface this by saying this is a very big oversimplification of hate speech detection, but just to kind of preface and start off what we're looking at. We're looking at automatic speech detection in this challenge. Essentially, how do we build automatic, highly performant, ideally, methods that essentially do what we see here, right? We have texts that are coming in, and large volumes, we build our methods, and we basically want to classify at a very basic level, what's hate speech, and what is, again, this is a simplification, and there's a lot of considerations. Some overs you see on the screen now, of how we do hate speech detection. Well, and how we do hit speech deduction, right? So, uh, as my background is a lot of computer science and language and natural language processing, the left side is very interesting to me in the sense of what is hate speech detection? Is it just the words that we use? It's a dictionary of bad, bad words, and that's what it's speech protection is. Is it more on, like, a sentiment or the intent of the person writing it? Is it more on my word choice or my syntax use or certain stylization of text? Is it more, I might argue, it's more contextual in the sense that the context of the language used is very important to deciding whether it's hate speech or not, that you might have metadata, you might have sort of images that go along with text. We focus mostly on text in this challenger. primarily on text in this challenge, but images and videos are becoming important media. So that's really interesting. Um, and on the right, you see the mentality, right? In the previous slide, we saw, okay, you can treat us well, but yes, no problem, but that's very simple. Uh, right? Although in this challenge, we will treat it as that, as we don't have a ton of time, but just for context, we can go easily into sort of a multi-class, of course, hate speech, if we say yes, but then we'll kind of hate speech, right? Is it racism? Is it discrimination? Is it sexism? Uh, that's, you know, it becomes a bit of an alpha problem. And again, if you're interested, you can look at it beyond the hack bun, but just to keep in mind. And again, there's other considerations here. Basically saying hate speech protection is not as simple as a yes, no sometimes. Okay, and not to throw any more complications in the matter, but, uh, the core of this challenge is what we're looking at and what's on the slide here, right? So, if you, um, sort of, understood to this point, and again, if you're, if you're accepted for this challenge, you're definitely gonna understand this, that, uh, essentially hate speech detection on a textual level can be boiled down to a classification problem, or sort of an identification, or protection problem. And in this, we want to build methods and techniques and tools that maximize accuracy. Okay? So given the text, we want to be very sure whether it's hate speech or not, ideally, for putting it into kind of production systems. This is kind of an important thing to do. And if you read the challenge proposal, and, again, I've read the proposals, and you understood this, that there's kind of an equal and opposite classification task that's sort of hidden in this, in the sense that we want to classify whether texts are hate speech or not, and that's very important. I think we could all agree on that. But we don't want to do so at the cost of sort of creating re identification tools or sort of tailoring aid speech detection to people, boxing, essentially, or sort of identification of people, and not really just the content and the text. Um, every sort of boiled down this, uh, friction, we have a utility task, right? So 8 speech detection, we want to be as great as this as possible. And we have a privacy tax. We don't want to become sort of adversarial and sets for just kind of identifying people and not the hate speech itself. Um, and this becomes the core of the privacy, uh, the private agency challenge, uh, and the sort of tradeoff is at the core of a lot of research. And I guess in practice, this is kind of the balancing act that, uh, most people, or people wasn't focused on. Okay. Now, getting into the, I guess, the central, uh, score or sort of thing we were looking at in this challenge is the privacy, hate speech detection, tradeoff. And this will be the only formula you see on these lines, I swear. But essentially, we're looking at trade-offs as a relative game. So what this says intuitively is, we want to preserve privacy. So if you look at the numerator of utility, right? We want to sort of privatize or transform text data in a way that we can still get as close to the original in terms of the utility tests. So again, that's hate speech detection. But we also want to achieve the best privacy as possible. If you look at the numerator on the right side, privacy should be as low as possible. That's not, I mean, privacy should be alone, but that's sort of the re identification accuracy. So we want the right side to be as low as possible from an adversarial side. We don't want to sort of give away privacy. So that should be low, and the left side should be high, and that's how we maximize our trade off. And that's how we sort of quantify or operationalize a trade off in this challenge. Hopefully, that makes sense, and more graphically, if you can look at it, we're constantly balancing a tradeoff. So if we privatize data, or anonymize, or however you want to call it, I'll use a lot of shows. But we're balancing a trade off there, but the goal is to sort of maximize this ballots in terms of we want to lose as little utility or as little HP detection performance as possible, while sort of maximizing the privacy protections of sort of releasing data. Again, so this is, this leaves the core mission of the challenge, and I get most of you have, nailed this on the head in terms of the, uh, the proposal's consent then. So, that is good. But essentially, we want to privatize, and again, that's sort of the general umbrella term of how we handle sensitive data or text data, such that we remove, or we mask, or transform, or whatever you want to do, any author identifying signals. So things that are sort of private, sensitive, personally identifiable. But we don't want to remove any of the cues or the signals that are sort of leading to good hate speech detection or sort of take the performance, get speech detection. So this is the trade-off that's central to how we want to attack the wound. Okay. So, looking at your mission, your focus areas, uh, for this furthest challenge. Um, and these pie, uh, I'm not sure if, I don't think you can share this sort of key details on all the deliverables, but, uh, you will soon know, or if you don't know already, that there are main deliverables for this backpack. These sort of focus areas will focus or sort of align very well with, you know, with your deliverables. So you first want to focus on, and, again, I know there's different experts in each group, but you can all brainstorm together. Yeah, for the core problem. And in the context of this challenge, we want to ask two sides of things. So what is it, exactly, that makes a text private? We know probably simple things are straightforward things. Like, I don't want my personal information. I, ideally, my name, my phone name, by any personal identifiers, right? But it goes usually deeper in that, and we think about what that might mean. What cues and texts need to hate speech, right? So, um, there are some obvious identifiers, there are signals there, but maybe they're less identified, more like innuendo sort of things. Um, and the ultimate question in this gap are sort of doing this sort of gap analysis is, are these mutually exclusive? So, an ideal world, we can sort of, for lack of a better word, remove all the privacy stuff, so all the stuff that leads to vulnerabilities, to my privacy, and keep all the hate speech detection, such that hate speech detection systems still work reliably, but I can guarantee you it's not as easy as that. But to what degree can you separate those? So that's sort of a Venn diagram, see here. Uh, privacy, uh, we've discussed this already, but, uh, think about or focus on in building your prototype, what privacy means, and what what you should do to protect privacy. I've hinted that this before. I like the French privacy as sort of a better rocker foundation of operationalizing privacy. You do not need to use differential privacy. There's plenty out of there out there, and you need to do some research. Um, and sort of asking what privacy means in text will probably lead you to the good foundations for building a prototype. And of course, the biggest deliverable is the method of the prototype and the system itself. And this is where all three experts in the group can kind of work together and work on their particular expertise to kind of build this system. So going on this, focusing on the expectations, this is pretty important. So, as you might have guessed, this challenge expects, sort of, an implementation of something, and I think this aligns, well, what we was talked about before, in terms of producing something that's, like, usable and actually deployable, and not just talking about ideas, and in this context, we want to produce systems or methods that sort of maximize this tradeoff. And this is something you can measure. Empirically, this is something I'll introduce later. There are other sort of nonfunctional requirements that are pretty important here, such as efficiency, right? If we're doing this at scale, it needs to be lightweight. We can't just call the biggest LLM for every single little text, right? Reproducible. This should be open, it should be clear. What is sort of being done. I should be able to run it. Anyone should be able to run it. Uh, inexplainable, in the sense that, uh, you should be able to explain it, and it should be explainable what's going on. So the more complex the system is, it might be better, but also might be worse in terms of you being liable for why the system predicts something the way it does. But then in mind, just a quick aside on what is meant by text and text privation, as this is really important to the challenge, it's pretty simple in terms of we have a text input, we have whatever method or technique you come up with. And then we have a privatized text on the output, and this is ideally something that has transformed. And again, is finding this balance between masking, transforming, deleting, redacting, whatever you want to say, all the privacy related stuff, but keeping the cues such that we can do hate speech detection. Well, we'll discuss this a little later in a small case study. Deliverables, I won't spend too much time on, as it will become clear when you receive your starter kit. But there are particular, sort of, tie ins to this challenge. You could read this quickly on this slide. The most important thing is for, sort of, challenge specific deliverable, is the code at the end. For this one, it should be something, again, that is working and runnable, we'll cover this on the next slide. But again, there's these three sort of main deliverable deadlines, and they're sort of different in terms of what they focus on. We can answer questions about this later, but it should also become pretty clear. Okay, now, I want to take a minute, just for this slide, just to kind of focus specifically on deliverable, from my side, I find this crucial in terms of deliverable or delivering something that's usable and workable. So the good, the minimum woke me expect as for a good challenge submission, ideally for winning the challenge, is we obviously need to have public work in code. It should be code that I can run easily, sort of check over your work, and something that, ideally, down the road is something that's runnable. Um, that should be clear. Better, and this is also part of the building rules, or the sort of overall challenge, anyway, sort of tying this to some public facing UI, something that makes your sort of back end or your system, festival, and, uh, sort of, we're clear what's going on. And this is where probably your expert comes in, but also, this is important to everyone on the team to make sure, you know what's going on, and you know how to present it, well. And the sort of thing I'll add is sort of this best Earth case scenario is that you actually make your code super runnable, and package it in something like a Python package, or it can be your choice. But from experience, uh, this is very sort of, uh, this taking the next step to just dumping code on a GitHub repository to actually making something that's usable, uh, by people and sort of extensible, uh, and that's good for it. Uh, I'll say it one more time, and I won't say, again, I've probably been annoying about it, but it's critical that your code works. It should be something that I can test, uh, and that we can all sort of see is working and hopefully working, uh, very well. Okay, um, I won't spend too much time on this either, because, again, this will be in your starter kit, but I wanted to tie it into the context of this challenge, um, in terms of, uh, the criteria. Um, so this is really important in terms of if you want to sort of know how you can win the challenge, uh, these are the things to focus on. I won't go through every line here, and I think the slides will be shared so you can review this, and of course, we'll be talking a lot about this. But the one thing I'll focus on here is sort of how to measure the tradeoffs or how to make sure you're on the right track, so to speak, and we'll talk about this in the coming slides. Uh, and I've said this, but you'll receive a starter kit, and uh, this should be all in there. I've got a peek at it. I don't think it's been shared with you already. I'm pretty sure it's on Monday. And it's pretty comprehensive. So, uh, yeah, looking at that. Okay, and now in the final talk, the point of the talk today, I have, yeah, I don't want to spend too much longer, especially if you have questions. Um, what I've done, you kind of give more of a face to this challenge, uh, and to also help you, again, benchmark and interact your progress. I created a challenge website. We'll see that in a little bit, and I'll demonstrate how you can use that. It's not operational for you yet. It's more just for me. And then a few days you'll get access to it. But it'll lead nicely into a case study of how we, how you can sort of track your progress, as I've said. Okay, so this is the website, you'll get the URL, but it's pricely just prove agency.com. You can go through it already. Um, and we'll go into it a little bit, the 1st and the side. I want to, so I will be providing all teams participating in the challenge, 2 data sets eventually, but only one for now, starting next Monday. a development data set. It looks roughly like this. This is a very simplified version. But if you can see, there are these competing signals, right? Every text, the data set, again, it's a data set of many texts, some of which are 8 speech, and then, in your challenges, basically, or your task is basically reached the right. Have you noticed, right, that you sort of take the text column, uh, and you sort of privatize, transform it, however you want to call it. And that's how we reach a privatized data set, and this is what is evaluated in benchmark. Um, so, there is that, and it's very simple here, and we can sort of talk about it more later. Um, and there's some technical copyouts there. But your goal, these data sets are provided to you as sort of real hate speech data sets that are out there, and you can really use them to, again, test your tools and make sure that what you're doing is hopefully on the right track and maximizing that trade-off. And, uh, quick running, uh, you'll see this when you get the data sets, but the data sets do contain some pretty horrible and uh, offensive language, and that's just a fact of hate speech, unfortunately, just be prepared for that. Um, okay. So now we will actually go to the thing. I think I will have to awkwardly break my presentation here, because I need to go to the site, so let me, uh, see how I can change, uh, gracefully. But hopefully, in the meantime, while I'm doing this, you can, you have maybe any challenges or any, uh, questions. Yeah, unfortunately, regarding the questions, like, could could I have been managed to find the, the, how to open the channel? I think I would say well from the beginning. Well, what we're going to do, and it's been going to ask people to raise their hand if it's threatened to your challenge. But anyway, we give them the mic about, but first, if you like, we have to go crazy for your plantation, and then we move your head. Okay, I'll do it that way. In that case, yeah, just, uh, maybe raise your hand later, but we'll show you the demonstration first, and then just think of your questions now, I guess. Excellent. Okay, let me share my screen now. Okay. So, hopefully, you can see this. This is the website. We break this tab out here. So this is nothing fancy, but basically what you'll see is there's a leerboard. This is how you can track the progress, and it'll make it a little competitive amongst the teams. Um, but I will give you a, uh, logging credential later. But what you can see here is very simple. We'll talk about specifics later, but what you want to do is upload your privatized data sets. We do one really quick. even though I've done a few already. And we basically just want to upload this. There's some transformer based models running background, doing some evaluation runs, and we eventually get your trade off score, if you can remember, it's between negative one and one. So this is how we do that. And eventually, if you want to publish your scores, you can sort of put them there, and then on the leaderboard, your best score will apply or sort of show there. And what I want to show here is that, uh, this is where you you track your empirical progress, and I'll focus on a little later of what that means in the context of the challenge. And it's also where you have a little fun and you compete with the other teams. But again, if something is not unclear here, we will go through it more in detail as it comes time and start submit. But I wanted to show this, uh, in terms of what you can expect. Excellent. Let me switch over, uh, to back to my slides. Sorry for the brakes, but you will be there soon. Okay. Now, we are back. Okay. So... So, a quick case study, and, you know, this is a very simple case, like, but what you saw there is, I already ran through a few methods of it, both mine, and just generally accepted methods out there. In terms of what you might expect in terms of results. So Microsoft has an anonymization tool. It basically removes named entities, and we got a trade out score of negative .one when we run it over the data set. If you're interested more on how the evaluation goes in the background, more than happy to talk about any questions or during the challenge, I'll be there to discuss everything. Um, but we learned from this is that, uh, what is generally known is that simple, sort of entity based anonymization, uh, is generally not enough. You know, we don't just, basically, removing names and phone numbers is very simple in terms of anonymization. And we need to do more in terms of finding that balance. Alright, I apologize for I'm lacking here. I think my internet's getting a little, uh, bad here. But continuing on, there is more differential privacy based methods. These are somewhat promising, so if you want to use that as a motivation, there's definitely that spoil. It does introduce complexity, but it does achieve higher trade-offs. That's nice. And we saw that one of the ones I ran was exactly different surprising method. Just for fun, I ran it through GPT 40 mini. Again, an older model, but very kind of lightweight. And we actually achieved very bad tradeoffs. It's not something I would recommend, just kind of chucking them, and then doing 0 shop prompting for privatization. It does show us Ellen's may help. They definitely can be helpful in many ways. But definitely, think about how to specialize them for this particular challenge. Okay. So, uh, what we learned from this very briefcase study is that positive trade offs are possible, and if you remember what that means, is that we can sort of achieve privacy without losing more utility, if that makes any sense. And that is the ultimate goal. We want to maximum these trade offs by losing as little as this performance for 8th Street just possible, maximizing this sort of privacy preservation in text. And so, this is the biggest caveat, or the biggest note, I will say, is that, um, this tool will be available to you to benchmark, but, sort of, winning the leaderboard, or becoming first in the leaderboard, does not mean you have won the Private HSC challenge. It is important to kind of show the technical feasibility and that you achieve good trade-offs. But as you've seen before, there's many other criteria, but I won't say that it won't leave a good impression, so having a strong technical submission will definitely be important. in the integrator. Okay, and final thing before I hopefully hand it over to some questions. Um, a rough timeline that sort of merges the timeline impact on, and the timeline of proof HSD. So obviously, here we are now. Hopefully, this gives you a good motivation, but again, happy to answer questions either here or privately. Start thinking about the ideas. What do you want to cover? What is privacy in text? How are you gonna preserve hate speech detection, performance? These things are important, just in the designing, and, again, this bring all the expertise of your teammates together, and hopefully, you can come up with something really nice. to implement. After the last warm up session, which I think is on Monday, the 15th, you'll also receive some other resources, I'm pretty sure, then, and from then on, the development data sets, the snippet of what you saw, which is actually based on Reddit, hate speech, will be released to you. You can start to dive into it, see what's in there, start to develop some ideas, or even some of your tool or method. June 17th, the hackathon officially begins, of course, on the 18th towards the afternoon, there'll be a 2nd data set that will release to you where you can basically find junior methods, see if it generalizes to other data sets. And then, of course, on the end of the 18th, the final delivery rules are due, including your working code and system, and then 19th, we'll do some final pitches, of course, and pick the winners, and that was already explained to you. And the biggest thing I alluded to this already, but make sure you contact me as soon after this June 15 deadline to get the credentials for your team, so you can log in and already start exploring the system or even running some evaluations. Um, so that'd be important. At least someone from the team, just let me know and I can provide you your credentials. Okay. And, uh, something I'll just mention here, and this was, uh, part of the, the hack con's mission, which I love, is to sort of pushing whatever you create in a hack con beyond the hack con, uh, and there's some, uh, long term fans, I think, instead of sort of making this some usable system, uh, uh, long term, and that's, and that's very cool. My also contribution, or what I will help you with, is sort of, if you want. You know, this is still a very, I guess, state of the art research direction. There's not a whole lot at this intersection of 8th feature privacy. So if you would like to try to publish your work or any of the teams participating, I support that, and I will help you with that. If you want to. And of course, coming from the tech university of Munich, we have very entrepreneurial spirit, if you will. And there's some good resources if you would like to operationalize this. Um, and sort of continue further, or even in research, and then there's some nice avenues there, if you're interested in it. I have, I think I have plucked enough, so, um, really best of luck, this is something I'm very excited about. This is personally very interesting to me. invested in the challenge. So contact me at any and we'll come up with some cool solutions. Um, and yeah, happy that you hear, and I'm wishing wishing the best of luck. All right, thank you. Things have gone, Steven. Thank you very much. Um, let's continue now with the questions. But before we move on there, and while you guys decide to ask questions or no, first, let's put some over there. Um, the questions right now, the first question should be directed to Stephen, and this packing into the teams that are registered to his challenge. If there are questions about that, if you have questions about logistics, when your turn, it will come. And then, of course, there will be other sessions, the next days. So please attend. So, yes, is there any questions with regards to this particular challenge? I'll give you the mic, so please go ahead. Um, while I do this side, let me tell you that, as well, in the next sessions, we will be introducing the platform where you will be, um, chatting with Steven, while you can ask in all of the credentials, and also all of your questions. as well as we would be releasing one of these days. The first deliverable. So, you would start working. Actually, there's a deadline for that. So, get ready, because the work begins before the event starts. Anyway, guys, any questions presented to this challenge? I believe then there was very, very clear. Um, again, uh, soon, you will have access as well to the to the platform, and you will have access to steel and all of the mentors. Unfortunately, Steven is assigned, as he is an owner of a challenge, to only his challenge. For no words, we have about seven to ten men, plus more, for you, so there always is plenty to discuss. There's people in UI, US, there's experts in AI, there's a lot of lawyers, of course, for some reasons, of, please, you'll be, you'll be introduced to all of them now. Let's move on. Is there anything petty regarding logistics? I know it's a hot topic, but, uh, let me go through, first through the part of the, of the train situation between, uh, um, between Strasburg and, um, sorry, I put out the collection. Uh, very honest, Paul, uh, like I said, I just don't want, we don't want you to lose connection. We can definitely connect you from the airport to Strasbourg. The issue comes if you have any sort of delays, if that is the case, then, um, well, you will lose that, and then you will have, where you will not be as responsible for that. So, and most of you have already answered that, that's not, and then take care of it, and you just submit, you are, for us to see your problems on that. So, yes, is there anything else pending, any other questions that you make out about, uh, perhaps something you would like to ask to our colleagues from the Council of Europe? You've got this also not something that comes along, I assume, if there's any question about anything, this is when now is the time, or we just close with this session, and just to let you know, we are recording this session, but we will give you then later access to it. So, in case one of your colleagues, Mis, especially my colleagues, and the councils, part, and Steven's, um, introduction to his challenge, please have them, I mean, view them. Other than that, I will, um, uh, bungee it all to ask you all to get ready. It's very, very hectic dates coming along. Please do not forget to check in through your flight. And finally, welcome to the democracy, Pakistan. It's a long, long trip to ride here. We know, and maybe booking for many, many months to support you, and we will have a lot of mentors, a lot of surprises, but especially a lot of them. Thank you for coming, and have a great evening. Thank you. Bye bye. Oh, you see what? How are you gonna be? I... Okay.